Inboria
Settings
Basic Information
Collaborators
Socket Mode
Install App
Manage Distribution
Features
App Home
Agents & AI Apps
Work Object PreviewsNEW
Workflow Steps
Org Level Apps
Incoming Webhooks
Interactivity & Shortcuts
Slash Commands
Steps from AppsLEGACY
OAuth & Permissions
Event Subscriptions
User ID Translation
App Manifest
Beta Features
Submit to Slack Marketplace
Review & Submit
Give feedback
Slack

Help
Contact
Policies
Our Blog
App Home
Where people find your app on Slack
Your app’s home includes three tabs (Home, Messages and About) that help people have richer interactions with your app and better understand its functionality.
Learn more

App Home Image
First, assign a scope to your bot token
A bot token makes it possible for users to interact with your app. A bot token lets users at-mention it, and add it to channels and conversations. It also allows you to turn on tabs in your app’s home.

Scopes govern an app’s capabilities and permissions. You’ll need to add at least one to your bot token to show the Home or Message tab in your app home. You can review and add the appropriate scopes under Scopes section in OAuth & Permissions.

Show Tabs
Turn on the Home tab and/or Message tab to display these surfaces to your users when they view your app in Slack. Currently, these options are disabled. You’ll need to first add a scope to your bot token.

Home Tab

The Home tab requires a bot token with at least one scope. Add a scope first to continue.

Block Kit components you add to this tab let people easily interact with this app.


Helpful links
App Home documentation
How to use Block Kit
Block Kit Builder tool
Messages Tab

The Message tab requires read/write scopes added to your bot token such as im:history, im:write, and/or im:read

Direct messages your app sends will show in this tab.


About Tab

Helpful info about what this app does will show in this tab. You can edit this info in the app’s basic information section.