Publish your app
Domain
Available
app-developement
.replit.app
What you're publishing
NCV Mail
NCV Mail
URL
https://app-developement.replit.app/
Who can access your app

Public
Anyone on the internet with the URL
Database settings
An existing production database from a previous published app was found. Delete the existing database via the settings tab in the Database pane and create a new one.

Create production database
Monitoring tools
Enable app monitoring
Be the first to know when your app is down. We'll continuously check if your app is online and notify you via email if things go wrong.

Stripe connection
Connect your live Stripe account
Read docs
1
Claim your sandbox in Stripe
Claim sandbox
2
Activate your live Stripe account
3
Install Replit app on your live Stripe account
Engagement tools
Enable feedback widget
Add a feedback widget to the corner of your published app. Review submissions in your inbox and send to Agent for fixes.

"Made with Replit" badge
Display a "Made with Replit" referral badge on your published app, when someone signs up using your referral link, you earn credits. Learn more.


Publish
Adjust settings
Manually configure machine settings, secrets, ports, and more.

Deployment type
Technology used to publish your app. Learn more

Reserved VM

Reserved VM
Ensures high uptime, minimizing disruptions for apps requiring persistent session data.
Machine configuration
The power of the servers running your app

0.5 vCPU / 2 GiB RAM

0.5 vCPU / 2 GiB RAM
$20
per month
($0.028/hour)
App type
Configure your app based on whether it needs to serve traffic from the web.


Web Server

Background Worker
Deployment geography
Choose where your app is hosted. Selecting a region closer to your users reduces latency and can improve performance. Once you publish, your app and its resources (such as the production database and Object Storage) are locked to this region — to change regions later you will need to remix this app. Learn more

Europe (EU)
Closest

Europe (EU)
Block publishing of critical vulnerabilities
We always run a security scan before publishing. This setting controls whether publishing is blocked when critical vulnerabilities are found. Some high-risk issues may still block publishing. Learn more
